feat(hooks): add use-query-params (#74)
scaleway/scaleway-lib: README.md

- [`@scaleway/countries`](./packages/countries/README.md): ISO 3166/3166-2 coutries JSON database
- [`@scaleway/eslint-config-react`](./packages/eslint-config-react/README.md): A shared eslint react opiniated configuration
- [`@scaleway/random-name`](./packages/random-name/README.md): A tiny utility to generate random names

> - [`@scaleway/use-query-params`](./packages/use-query-params/README.md): A tiny react hooks to handle params

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`@scaleway/use-query-params`](./packages/use-query-params/README.md): A tiny react hook to handle URLs query parameters
```
